# The philosophy of shaweelAddons-v2
## Overview
shaweelAddons-v2 is mainly made to be used by me(shaweel) and that is the reason it exists. This doesn't mean other people shouldn't be allowed to use it though. It also doesn't mean I don't want feedback. Infact the opposite is true, feedback of any form is much appreciated.

shaweelAddons-v2 is and always will be free and open source software. Never will I ever ask you for money for this mod, nor will I purposefuly attempt to hide the code. Neither will I ever ask for any personal information in order to use shaweelAddons-v2. I chose the GPLv3 license to embrace open source in the way, that one has the freedom to fork or redistribute my software, but it still must be under the same GPLv3 license, meaning never will anyone be legally allowed to use my code in their own proprietary thing.
## Contribution, suggestion and issues
As I already said, I am open to any feedback. I encourage you to report any bug you find on issues and so do I encourage you to suggest new features. However a feature being suggested doesn't automatically mean it's going to be added. First I will think about whether the feature is actually beneficial, how useful it is, how hard it is to implement, whether I would use it and other similar questions that would determine whether I'd add the feature or not. There are many things I will simply not add because it is too much hastle to implement for something that I would probably not even use. With something like this you still have a chance to get it in via pull requests.

Talking about pull requests, contribution is something I'm very open to aswell, however before anything is merged it will go through a similar process as feature suggestions, although less strict, as you already implemented it. Although this doesn't mean I'll merge anything you do for me. All pull requests will forego thorough quality assurance. Learn more in [Contributon Guidelines](https://github.com/shaweel/shaweelAddons-v2/blob/dev/contribution.md).
## Liberty
I believe users shall have power and freedom. This is why I add as much customization as possible, anything violating this is not making into the mod. This also includes the user being aware of what's happening. I will never do things behing the user's back. They must always know. This also includes the whole mod being opt-in, meaning everything is disabled by default and you only enable what you want.